Text 1

Playing Safe

The clock shows five seconds left in the game. Your team is losing by just one goal. You want to take the ball and score a goal. But you are cheering from the sidelines because you injured your leg. According to doctors, however, many sports injuries can be prevented.
Each year, about 20 million kids play sports during and after school. Unfortunately, about 5 million of those kids suffer some kind of injury while playing.
You can do a few things to keep from getting a sports injury:
* Do warm-up stretches before and after playing any sport. Stretching helps loosen tight muscles and tissues.
* Do not play when you are in pain. Pain is a sure sign of an injury!
* Use proper sports safety equipment, such as helmets, elbow pads, kneepads, safety glasses, wrist guards, shin guards, and mouth guards.
* Playing sports and exercising help kids stay healthy and make friends. But no matter which sport you play, always remember to have fun!

1. How many of the children who play sports after school DO NOT suffer from injuries? 
a) 20 million
b) 5 million
c) 15 million


2. If you are in pain you should: 
a) Do warm-up stretches
b) Not play
c) Wear sports safety equipment

3. Sports safety equipment can: 
a) Prevent you from injury
b) Help loosen your tight muscles and tissues
c) Allow you to play even if your are in pain


Text 2

Coral Reefs

While coral may look like a plant, it is actually made up of tiny sea animals. Those sea animals are called polyps.
As polyps die, they leave hard shells behind. Other polyps grow on top of the shells. Over thousands of years, they form a coral reef in warm water that is not very deep.
In many ways, the Great Barrier Reef resembles an underwater garden. Coral can be hard or soft. It forms in different colours and in strange shapes. Some coral looks like hardened brains. Other coral looks like fans and lettuces. The reef bursts with schools of tropical fish, darting among gaps in the coral.
The reef supplies food and shelter to creatures living in and around the coral. Turtles, sharks, sea horses, and crabs are among its many inhabitants. The reef also acts as a barrier to keep waves from slamming against the shore.
While the reef is important to ocean life, it helps humans, too. People rely on the reef for both food and jobs. It also provides medicine used to treat disease. 

1. The Great Barrier Reef  is useful for: 
a) Supplying food and shelter to sea creatures
b) Preserving the shells of the polyps
c) Allowing the waves to slam against the shore


2. Coral is made of: 
a) Plants
b) Rocks
c) Animals


3. The inhabitants of the coral reef use it for: 
a) Food and shelter
b) Food and jobs
c) Medicine



Text 3

Conditioning

Ivan Pavlov (1849 to 1936) was a Russian scientist who investigated conditioning. He discovered that dogs produced extra saliva when they were offered food. This is a natural response to a stimulus - food makes a dog's mouth water. The saliva produced is needed to start digesting food and to make swallowing food easier.
Pavlov noticed that they also did this when the person who fed them came into the room, even if the person had not brought any food. Pavlov went on to ring a bell at the start of feeding time, and eventually the dogs produced extra saliva when they heard the bell, before any food was brought in.
A dog salivating when it hears a bell is not a natural response. They would not do this without being conditioned to do so. The behaviour has been learned. It's called a conditioned response.
People and animals can be conditioned to avoid certain things. For example, grazing animals get an unpleasant electric shock when they touch an electric fence. They eventually avoid the fence, even when it is turned off.

1. Conditioning is: 
a) A type of learned behaviour
b) Teaching  a dog to produce saliva when offered food
c) Providing a stimulus and expecting a response


2. A conditioned response is: 
a) The dog producing saliva when seeing the food
b) The dog producing saliva when hearing the bell
c) The dog producing extra saliva in order to digest the food


3. The dog produced saliva when hearing the bell because: 
a) The bell would ring every time the dog was given food
b) Dogs normally produce saliva when hearing a bell
c) The person who fed the dog was carrying a bell



Text 4

Evolution

Before the industrial revolution in Britain, most peppered moths were of the pale variety. This meant that they were camouflaged against the pale birch trees that they rest on. Moths with a mutant black colouring were easily spotted and eaten by birds. This gave the white variety an advantage, and they were more likely to survive to reproduce.
Airborne pollution in industrial areas blackened the birch tree bark with soot. This meant that the mutant black moths were now camouflaged, while the white variety became more vulnerable to predators. This gave the black variety an advantage, and they were more likely to survive and reproduce. Over time, the black peppered moths became far more numerous in urban areas than the pale variety. 

1. Before the industrial revolution in Britain most peppered moths were: 
a) Black
b) Eaten by birds
c) Of the pale variety

2. Black peppered moths became more numerous in urban areas because: 
a) They were mutants 
b) They were no longer resting on birch trees
c) They were camouflaged due to the airborne pollution


3. Changes in the moth population is an example of: 
a) A random coincidence
b) Moths learning how to survive
c) Evolution


Text 5

King Juan Carlos

King Juan Carlos of Spain once insisted "kings don't abdicate, they die in their sleep''. But embarrassing scandals and the popularity of the republican left in the recent Euro-elections have forced him to eat his words and stand down. So does the Spanish crisis suggest that monarchy is in its death throes? Is the writing on the wall for all European royals, with their Ruritanian uniforms and gilded lifestyles?
The Spanish case provides arguments both for and against monarchy. When public opinion is particularly polarised, as it was in the aftermath of the Franco regime, monarchs can rise above "mere" politics and "embody" a spirit of national unity. Juan Carlos undoubtedly played a key role in steering Spain from dictatorship to democracy, and was an influential defender of the new constitution during a military challenge in 1981.
The cultural gap between aristocratic royals and a more democratic populace was a major cause of Juan Carlos's fall. A century ago, hunting elephants in Botswana accompanied by a lady who was not one's wife would have been entirely normal - even expected - behaviour for a self-respecting monarch. But in 2012 it looked arrogant and out-of-touch, particularly at a time of economic crisis. And it is this insensitivity, together with a financial scandal involving his daughter, that forced this particular king to abdicate in the interests of his dynasty's survival.

1. In what scandal was King Juan Carlos involved: 
a) He went hunting in Botswana with his mistress
b) He said that "kings don't abdicate, they die in their sleep''.
c) He defended the constitution in 1981


2. The abdication of King Juan Carlos of Spain suggests that: 
a) Kings are not popular in times when public opinion is polarised
b) Monarchy is no longer popular in Europe
c) In time of economic crisis monarchs should not go hunting


3. King Juan Carlos had to abdicate because: 
a) He was a defender of the new constitution in 1981
b) Public opinion was polarised
c) He was involved in scandals



Text 6

Football

How to describe Saturday's match between Chelsea and Arsenal? Well, I seem to recall a London gallery exhibiting a pile of rubbish, which was considered valid art by the proprietors and drew a large attendance.  
The only redeeming feature of a goalless, worthless event at Stamford Bridge was that it did not require a grant. Yet the Chelsea manager, Bobby Campbell, and Arsenal assistant, Theo Foley, agreed it had been a good match, and the spectators ' complaints were muted. Some even applauded the players at the end. It takes all sorts.  
Bobby Robson was there to assess  World Cup candidates, but nothing positive emerged  from  90 minutes of scuffling  that made  one almost yearn for the more measured boredom of Rangers ' European Cup exit  in Munich three days earlier. At least the outcome was appropriate. Had either of the teams won, they would have taken the League leadership. Instead Liverpool stayed top without kicking a ball. 

1. The difference between the Chelsea and Arsenal match and the art gallery exhibition was that: 
a) The game was bad but the exhibition was good
b) The exhibition was bad but the game was good
c) The game did not require a grant


2. According to the spectators: 
a) All spectators agreed that the match was very good
b) Bobby Campbell and Theo Foley agreed that the match was good but none of  the spectators liked it
c) Some spectators liked the match, other spectators did not.


3. The author did not like the game because: 
a) It was boring
b) He wanted Liverpool to stay on top
c) The outcome was not fair



Text 7

A for the brick facing St Paul's: Bankside Power Station is a masterpiece

Bankside Power Station should never have been built. Its architect had spent the war years with fellow Royal Academicians planning the orderly and spacious London of the future, free of smoke and industry. But, when asked in 1947 to replace an old dirty power station that had been on the site since 1891, he soon forgot such idealism and, like any architect, was glad to have the job.  
The project was controversial and the power station was only permitted providing the smoke was clean and the building did not challenge the visual dominance of St Paul's cathedral. So the single chimney rose only to 325ft, some 45ft below the height of the cross above the cathedral. The irony is that had the tower been higher and had the teak “scrubbers” been less efficient, the smoke would have gone straight up into the air. As it was, the “smokeless shimmer of vapour” was so cooled by cleaning that it drifted across the river. 

1. The architect of the Bankside Power Station: 
a) Had always wanted to build a power station in London
b) Initially wanted London to be free of smoke and industry
c) Spent the war years planning the station with his fellow Royal Academicians


2. The old power station, build in 1891,had already been  there for: 
a) 56 years
b) The text does not say
c) 47 years


3. The smoke would go up into the air if: 
a) The chimney was higher and the smoke was cleaner
b) The chimney was higher and the smoke was less clean
c) The chimney of the power station did not hide the tower of the St. Paul’s Cathedral


Text 8

Album cover art

One of the pioneering bands to take advantage of album cover art and its power of marketability were, of course, one of the most famous groups of all time, the Beatles. Their album "Yesterday and Today" (also known as the "butcher album") is highly collectible and, if you have an original, it is highly priced and is one of the holy grails of record collecting. Although Capitol Records recalled the album, many were released as promotional material to DJ's and critics. Only then did the uproar ensue. You see, the Beatles were tired of Capitol Records chopping up their albums and repackaging them (the songs on this particular release are album cuts from previous Beatles' albums including "Help!" and "Revolver"), so they posed with decapitated baby dolls, slabs of meat and fake blood as kind of a quasi protest, not ever thinking it would go out to the public; to the Beatles it was just a funny thing to do. Capitol Records quickly intervened and recalled thousands of record albums and pasted over the "butcher cover" with what is now known as the "trunk cover."


1. An  original copy of the album “Yesterday and Today” is: 
a) Common to have 
b) Cheap 
c) Valuable because it is rare

2. The Beatles took the cover photo because: 
a) They wanted to make a scandal 
b) The fake body parts in the photo symbolised the way Capitol Records were removing and adding songs to their albums.
c) They always wanted to release an album cover like that


3. The cover of the album “Yesterday and Today” was scandalous because: 
a) It was violent and had no artistic value
b) It was violent and directed against Capitol Records
c) It was made without the permission of Capital Records


Text 9

Revival of the Western

The TV western seemed to fade into the sunset some time in the mid-1970s, victim of a narcissistic age that preferred to look at prosperous, smart-alecky or violent images of itself (Dallas, Cheers, Miami Vice). It was a time when children were encouraged to fantasize about machines and outer space rather than marvel at the open spaces where the deer and buffalo roamed.  
One of the most successful Hollywood TV producers, David Jacobs, the creator of Dallas, believes the western also fell victim to late 1960s iconoclasm. `The John Wayne stereotype was rejected, along with his conservative values', he said.  
A series of spoof or obsessively realistic 1960s westerns (Cat Balou, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Soldier Blue, The Wild Bunch) stripped the mask from the Lone Ranger's face. The legend could not be taken seriously any longer in what had been, admittedly, a threadbare form. Howard Rosenberg, TV critic of the Los Angeles Times, said: `Just look at the re-runs of the old western series. You had heroes scotch-taped to their horses and lightly sprinkled with dust. You can't get away  with that  any more.'   

1. Names of only western movies are: 
a) Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, Soldier Blue, Dallas, Cheers
b) Dallas, Cheers, Miami Vice
c) Soldier Blue, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, The Wild Bunch, Cat Balou


2. TV Western became unpopular in the 1970s because: 
a) People preferred to watch different kinds of movies
b) Children stopped admiring the open spaces where the deer and buffalo roamed
c) All western movies were spoof


3. The 1960s westerns, such as Cat Balou or The Wild Bunch, were: 
a) All spoof
b) All obsessively realistic
c) Showed how ridiculous the character of the Lone Ranger was




Text 10

Not so fast, cheetah! Researchers have finally found a way to keep up.

Experts in Namibia are using a computer system to identify and track the speedy cats by their paw prints. Namibia is a country in Africa.
First, researchers find and take pictures of wild cheetahs’ footprints. Next, they store the photos on a computer. Whenever a new print is added, the computer compares it to all the other prints for a match. No two cheetah paw prints are the same. That helps researchers know whether they have found the same cat twice.
Why the fancy footwork? Cheetahs are threatened. By knowing how many cats there are and where they live, scientists can help conserve them. To conserve is to keep safe. So far, researchers have recorded the prints of about 15 wild cheetahs, but they hope to find more.

1. How do researchers know that they have not found the same cat twice?
a) They take pictures of the paw prints of cheetahs
b) No two cheetahs have the same paw prints
c) They store the photos in a computer

1. Why is it important to count the cheetahs?
a) To conserve them
b) To test the computer system
c) To compare their paw prints

2. So far, the researchers have recorded the prints of how many cheetahs? 
a) 25 
b) 20
c) 15


Text 11

The genius of The Great British Bake Off

The season finale of The Great British Bake Off was the third most popular programme on television last year – outflanked only by two World Cup football matches. The final episode of this season, airing tomorrow, will in all likelihood be the most-watched show of 2015. Over the last five years, in fact, Bake Off has so thoroughly entangled itself with the consciousness of the nation that it has become easy to forget how very, very strange it is that 10 million Britons switch on their TV sets each Wednesday evening to watch a baking contest filmed in a tent in the countryside.
No one predicted the scale of its success. Richard McKerrow and Anna Beattie, who founded Love Productions, which makes the show, tried to sell the idea for four years before BBC2 finally picked it up. Their original inspiration, they told me, was the rural baking competition at a village fete; they liked the idea that bakers were naturally generous – making delicious things for others.

1. The Great British Bake Off:
a) Is the most popular programme on television
b) Outflanked two World Cup football matches
c) Is the third most popular programme on television


2. The initial idea for the show was:
a) Immediately accepted by TV producers
b) Rejected at first
c) The text does not say

3. The Great British Bake Off was inspired by:
a) The generosity of people
b) A rural baking competition
c) Love Productions


Text 12

Sense and Sensibility

The family of Dashwood had long been settled in Sussex. Their estate was large, and their residence was at Norland Park, in the centre of their property, where, for many generations, they had lived in so respectable a manner as to engage the general good opinion of their surrounding acquaintance. The late owner of this estate was a single man, who lived to a very advanced age, and who for many years of his life, had a constant companion and housekeeper in his sister. But her death, which happened ten years before his own, produced a great alteration in his home; for to supply her loss, he invited and received into his house the family of his nephew Mr. Henry Dashwood, the legal inheritor of the Norland estate, and the person to whom he intended to bequeath it. In the society of his nephew and niece, and their children, the old Gentleman's days were comfortably spent. His attachment to them all increased. 

1. The old Mr. Dashwood initially lived:
a) With his housekeeper
b) With his sister
c) Alone

2. The young Mr. Dashwood’s family consisted of:
a) Him and his wife
b) Him, his wife and their children
c) None of the above

3. Mr. Dashwood invited the family of his nephew because:
a) Henry had inherited the estate
b) Mr. Dashwood did not want to live alone
c) The good opinion of their surrounding acquaintance demanded it


Text 13

Dragonflies 

Imagine having the ability to appear still even while you’re moving. Dragonflies have mastered that skill. Scientists recently discovered that male dragonflies use movement as a form of camouflage.
Many animals use camouflage to blend into their surroundings. Some butterflies, for example, have patterns that let them hide among leaves and twigs. Most animals, however, can remain unseen only while they stay very still. That’s why this new dragonfly finding has many scientists puzzled.
The dragonfly uses motion camouflage to fool its prey into thinking that it’s not moving and not a threat. The dragonfly’s prey include other insects it feeds on, such as mosquitoes and moths.
Researchers say that the dragonfly carefully changes position again and again as it closes in on its target. The dragonfly appears, to the eye of its prey, to remain in the same place--but in fact it’s moving. What a clever eye trick!

1. What skill have the dragonflies mastered?
a) To stand very still
b) To appear still while they are moving
c) To hide among leaves and twigs


2. How do the male dragonflies hunt?
a) They carefully change their position while approaching their prey
b) They remain at the same place until the pray comes
c) They carefully change their position until the prey comes to them

3. What does the dragonfly food include:
a) Butterflies
b) Mosquitoes and moths
c) Leaves and twigs



Text 14

Non-Metals

Oxygen, carbon, sulphur and chlorine are examples of non-metal elements.
All non-metals have these properties in common:
* they are dull (not shiny)
* they are poor conductors of heat and electricity (they are insulators)
* they are weak and brittle (they easily break or shatter)
Most non-metals have these properties:
* they have a low density (they feel light for their size)
* they do not make a ringing sound when they are hit (they are not sonourous)
Eleven non-metals are gases at room temperature, including oxygen and chlorine. One non-metal, bromine, is a liquid at room temperature. The other non-metals are solids at room temperature, including carbon and sulphur. Carbon is a solid non-metal element. Pure carbon can exist in two very different forms - diamond and graphite. 

1. Which of these properties is NOT common for all non-metals?
a) They are poor conductors of heat and electricity
b) They are not sonorous
c) They are weak and brittle

2. Which of these non-metals is liquid at room temperature?
a) Chlorine
b) Bromine
c) Carbon

3. Chlorine is:
a) Liquid at room temperature
b) Gas at room temperature
c) Solid at room temperature


Text 15

Power is leaching from David Cameron

Sunflowers turn their yellow faces to the sun, moths fly toward flame, and people in politics gravitate towards power. It’s nothing personal, obviously; moths don’t even get what flames are, let alone particularly like them, or else they’d surely understand that the meeting of candle and sadly flammable insect rarely ends well. But they can’t seem to help themselves, and that explains an awful lot of what you’re going to see at Conservative party conference in Manchester, starting on Sunday.
This will be the first gathering of the Tory clan since the prime minister casually admitted to the BBC’s James Landale, while chopping vegetables in his kitchen, that he doesn’t actually fancy a third term much. And by publicly confirming what has long been an open secret in his circle, he’s effectively declared open season on himself. Power naturally drains from people who decline to pursue it and while he should be greeted rapturously by the faithful in Manchester, having delivered the first governing Conservative majority since 1992, David Cameron’s flame now burns less brightly than it did. We are now within sight of a post-Cameron era in Conservative politics, and already rival lamps are discreetly being lit.

1. The prime minister announced that he does not fancy a third term while:
a) chopping vegetables in his kitchen
b) at Conservative party conference in Manchester
c) declaring an open season

2. Moths gravitate towards a flame just like: 
a) David Cameron gravitates towards a third term
b) People in politics gravitate towards power
d) The Tory gravitate towards Manchester

3. David Cameron:
a) Is becoming less powerful
b) Is becoming more powerful
d) Is about to deliver the first governing Conservative majority


Text 16

Superstition

From the prehistoric times onwards disease was explained by supernatural beliefs.  Prehistoric people believed evil spirits caused diseases and they would use crystals, shamans and local medicine men to scare/persuade the evil spirit into leaving the body.  Trephined skulls have been discovered by archaeologists who believe prehistoric people may have cut holes into the skull to allow evil spirits to escape the body. Just like modern day Aboriginals, prehistoric peoples may have buried their hair, nails and faeces so evil spirits would not use them to cast spells against them.
The ancient Egyptians believed in many Gods some of which had both the power to cause disease, such as Seth, and the power to treat illnesses such as Osiris and Horus.  The Goddess Bes was thought to protect pregnant women. Priests said prayers and used charms to drive away the evil spirits which they believed caused disease. 

1. In prehistoric times people believed that diseases were caused by:
a) Shamans
b) Evil spirits and spells
c) Bacteria

2. Prehistoric people may have cut holes into the skull to:
a) Kill a person
b) Allow evil spirits escape the body
c) Heal the brain


3. Which deity would a pregnant woman in ancient Egypt pray to?
a) Seth
b) Bes
c) Horus


Text 17

Secondhand smoke

Secondhand smoke (SHS)* comes from burning cigarettes, pipes, or cigars. That smoke has many chemicals in it. Experts say that breathing SHS can harm a person's body. It can also cause headaches and make some illnesses worse.
People breathe secondhand smoke when that smoke is close by. Use this countdown to help you breathe cleaner air!
1. Open a window to get some fresh air.
2. Tell the smoker how smoking affects them and YOU!
3. SHS bothers the eyes by making them burn and feel dry.
4. SHS raises the chances of getting lung diseases.
*Secondhand smoke (SHS) - smoke from a burning cigarette, pipe, or cigar

1. Secondhand smoke is harmful because:
a) It comes from cigarettes and pipes
b) It comes from cigars
c) It has many chemicals in it

2. How can people breathe secondhand smoke?
a) When they smoke cigarettes
b) When they smoke pipes
c) When that smoke is close by

3. How can one prevent the breathing of secondhand smoke?
a) Ask the smokers around not to smoke
c) Prevent their eyes from getting dry
d) Do regular check-ups for lung diseases


Text 18

Leicester City: Why Premier League title dream is possible

''They will fall away eventually. It will never last.'' It is a common view on Leicester City's position as Premier League leaders. ''If Leicester win the Premier League, I'll do the first Match of the Day next season in my underwear,'' said the club's ex-striker Gary Lineker last week.
Following victory at Everton, the Foxes are top at Christmas. So has the Match of the Day presenter made a hasty Twitter statement? BBC Sport spoke to fans and former players to look at why Leicester could become champions of England for the first time. 
''Hearing the roar from the crowd makes us believe anything is possible,'' top scorer Jamie Vardy wrote on a clapstick given to every fan at the home game against champions Chelsea, a match Leicester won 2-1. Results make his words feel far from empty. The Foxes have scored more goals than any other side in the league and only Liverpool can boast more tackles this season. 
''You can tell something special is going on,'' season-ticket holder Adam Tomlinson told BBC Sport. ''At the moment around Leicester we are going into every game thinking we can get three points out of this.''
''They play like a team who have no fear and nothing to lose, who are positive in everything they do,'' former Leicester striker Steve Claridge told BBC Sport. ''You have to start taking them seriously.''

1. What motivates the team of Leicester city to play better?
a) Gary Lineker’s strikes
b) The support of their fans
c) The fear that they have a lot to lose if they don’t become champions


2. According to Gary Lineker, Leicester City becoming Premier League Champions is:
a) Likely
b) Unlikely
c) Expected


3. The team of Leicester city:
a) Won a match against the previous Premier League Champion
b) Had more tackles than Liverpool
c) Lost at Everton




Text 19

Pub Rock

A general rule for pub rock patrons is that the quality of music will be in inverse proportion to the quality of the beer (except at Finsbury Park's Sir George Robey where an excellent music policy comes complete with a decent pint of Guinness). Another rule of thumb is that if the act is obliged to rest their microphone stand and amplifiers on beer crates instead of the stage, it will be a good evening. There are two types of pub rock occasions: those, like the one described above, where the band is likely to suffer from agrophobia; and those where the pub is so crowded, death through asphixiation seems to be the only way to get out. There is no half-way house. If it's a comfortable evening's entertainment you're after, stay at home with the video. Dress varies, but will never be up.  

1. A general rule in pub rock is that:
a) If the beer is good, the music will be bad
b) If the music is good, the beer will also be good
c) If there are beer crates, the evening will be good 


2. Usually in pub rock occasions:
a) The pub is either crowded or empty
b) The band suffers from a disease
c) You have to die from asphixation to go out


3. If you want good music and good beer you have to:
a) Go to Finsbury Park 's Sir George Robey
b) Stay home with the video
c) Not go to a crowded pub




Text 20 

Marco Pave and the Politicization of Memphis Hip-Hop

Art is always already personal and political. Memphis native Marco Pave's recently released mixtape, Obscure Reality, and his community work in and beyond his neighborhood, exemplify this dual function of art, as well as the possibilities of art to reflect and instigate social change. The 21-year-old rapper operates squarely in the tradition of Memphis hip-hop artists before him, who have frequently used their work to tell untold stories, reckon with the ghosts of King and civil rights, and highlight the city's current social position. Yet, as part of the center of a bourgeoning movement of young creatives and intellectuals speaking back to the city's unequal power relationships, Pave marshals his art for direct action and transformation of his neighborhood and city.
Smatterings of the usual misogynoir that characterizes most rap music (and our society more broadly) are certainly present. But so also are gems of urban wisdom like reflections on being an artist, battling for one's dreams, his relationship with his infant son and his son's mother, and conversations with his mother. The signature Memphis rap musical sound-crunk chants and staccato rhythm to which we have popularly become accustomed is absent here, but like many independent hip-hop artists on the Memphis scene, that is precisely the point.

1. Memphis hip-hop artists before Marco Pavé would sing about:
a) The King
b) Social injustice
c) Their neighbourhoods


2. According to the author, the dual function of art is:
a) To amuse and entertain, while also being personal
b) To initiate social change
c) To be personal and to engage with broader societal challenges


3. The lyrics of Marco Pavé’s songs are:
a) Predominantly orientated against social injustice
b) Predominantly personal and political but also misogynistic
c) Predominantly focused on his family relations





